a wealthy Athenian. Instead of paying taxes for a single year, you could either choose to
organize a religious possession. You could make a worship or you could sponsor a Greek,
or you could sponsor a Greek, a playwright in the Greek theatre. You have to organise everything,
including the costume, you have to train the chorus. Many differences between Greek theatre and
theatre, there are only three actors in general. There are two supporting actors and they
tended to switch roles over time. As a result, all the costumes they wore tender to be
pretty heavy but easy to get on and off. There was a wall masks which gave them
a whole new identity from the point of view of the audience. It also meant that all the people
who were sitting at the back of the theatre could see them.
It obviously doesn't happen these days because they were relatively small theatres.
This is because any single playable often be showed hundreds of times. Instead of
an ancient time, when any single play was only shown once, it only made performance.
The actors in Greece were all male, whereas these days there were female actors as well.
However, there were absolutely anyone who was allowed to come and see the performances.
There were very keen on encouraging people to get involved with the theatre, which meant that
if you couldn't afford to pay the entrance fee, there was a thing that's had a government grant,
which these days you don't have. The wall of the chorus, there were 12 or 15 people in
a chorus. Every was a comic play and up to 24 if it was a tragedy.
The chorus acted in the orchestra, which was a wide open space, rather than the meaning is a
story to these days. There were, they often commented upon the action of the three main
actors, often acting as some of their slaves. They were singing and dancing as well.
And were accompanied by an al-Létez, which means a flute player.
Once the chorus entered the stage, they didn't usually leave.
And they usually acted as a single group, so they had no individuality.
They were all the same masks and the same clothes.
